what the huh no no get away from me
how to pick that up I don't know how to
pick it up I don't know that oh my god
leave me alone you're an idiot
yeah oh you got a sword you could have
beat me up
you could have beat me up and I had a
sword you suck how do I pick this up
okay let's see let's press some buttons
well he's not dead
get down are you dead yet
no maybe alright I'll let you be
come on let's see it doesn't really tell
you like kind of pick stuff up oh do I
spawn oh oh can I like oh wait I think I
saw something done that whipped up
hey bro hey what's going on
none bro it's chilly yeah you wanna make
a snowman
yeah brothers do it I like snowman's
YouTube I'm not really making a snowman
though right now let's get up all right
what Wow
how do I can I make him start fighting
again
yeah you better run you better run and
all those you picked it up don't you
pick them weapon no he did it normally
did it how did you just kill me
did you just slice me up on that I'm
back now I'm back now my god oh my god
let's do this again
alright I'm taking this out a little bit
okay alright so okay so you make it come
back to life by hitting C ok SC C makes
him come back to life
oh he's going for the sword again going
for the sword again yeah yeah yeah oh
you oh you small you suck
oh my god you know but we do that again
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Oh what's up
list yeah yeah dig I done said oh no you
did not
oh no you did not son you gotta chase me
you doin she's coming yeah coming it's
slippery it's slippery when wet
look how do I pick up a freaking weapon
wait stop tell me let me figure out how
to pick something else all right
he attacks me oh oh that's up oh you're
done son
let's joke just do this yeah yeah ah
turbo low down about what huh say I'm
gonna fight in here Luis what's up dude
what's up
yeah so I thought splat that what you
little ninja mean job punished
where'd he go come here yeah hey what
are you doing
let's do this oh you did not you did you
freaking did you son of a biscuit I'm
right here
oh you just throw in a fight huh guess
what I do with that I'm up here bro come
get me I don't think so
come back up here bro come on just go
I'm waiting yeah
yeah how do i oh that's right Oh yo you
got deck in the face son you got debt
always doing a little dance yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah alright guys that's gonna
be it for today I hope you enjoyed I'm
gonna make more videos because this game
is ridiculous and I think everyone
actually now I changed my mind should
definitely check this game out it's a
little pricey but at the same time it's
so worth it isn't it I mean you're
freaking you're a combat freakin samurai
warrior bunny how cool is that right
right so I thought